chore(docs): Remove gh discussions link (#1721)
truecharts/apps: docs/index.md

- Create an issue on [Github issues](https://github.com/truecharts/apps/issues)

> - File a [support ticket](https://truecharts.org/discord)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a discussion on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/truecharts/apps/discussions)
```

- Create an issue on [Github issues](https://github.com/truecharts/apps/issues)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- File a [support ticket](https://truecharts.org/discord)
```
